(Music) Hi everyone.
My name is Craig Golightly, and welcome to my course,
Kubernetes for Developers: Moving to the Cloud.
I am a senior software consultant.
You've created a Kubernetes app, and you're ready to run it in the cloud,
but where do you start?
How do you determine the appropriate option for your needs.
In this course,
we are going to set up a Kubernetes cluster and deploy an app on
three major cloud providers so you can experience the process from
start to finish and see how easy it is.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include:
evaluating cloud options for Kubernetes,
Azure Kubernetes Service for Microsoft, Elastic Kubernetes Service from AWS,
and Google Kubernetes Engine from Google Cloud.
By the end of this course,
you will be able to deploy and update a basic Kubernetes
application running in a managed cloud service.
Before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with Docker and Kubernetes and have an
environment with Docker and kubectl installed.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about running your
Kubernetes app in the cloud with the Kubernetes for Developers: Moving to the Cloud course at Pluralsight.